# millionairebookletz254195-1490735495801.pdf

```markdown
The
Millionaire
Booklet
How to
Get Super
Rich
Grant Cardone

1

The Millionaire Booklet:
How to Get Super Rich
Copyright © 2016 Grant Cardone Enterprises Cardone
Publications
All Rights Reserved.
ISBN 978-0-9903554-5-8
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be
reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means,
electronic, or mechanical, including photocopying or
recording, or by an information storage and retrieval
system, without permission in writing by the author.
All translations of this work must be approved in writing
by the author. Please contact Cardone Enterprises for
permission to translate and distribution agreements.
Printed in the United States of America
To order more copies for you or your team, go to
MillionaireBooklet.com or contact Grant Cardone
Enterprises at 310-777-0255.
First Edition

2

Table of Contents
Preface.................................................................................. 4
Introduction......................................................................... 6
Chapter 1............................................................................. 8
Getting Rich Is Not a Fantasy
Chapter 2........................................................................... 11
Where You Get Your Advice
Chapter 3........................................................................... 17
The Millionaire Decision
Chapter 4........................................................................... 20
Millionaire Math
Chapter 5........................................................................... 22
Increase Income
Chapter 6........................................................................... 26
Who’s Got My Money?
Chapter 7........................................................................... 30
Stay Broke
Chapter 8........................................................................... 33
Save to Invest, Don’t Save to Save
Chapter 9........................................................................... 36
Multiple Flows of Income
Chapter 10......................................................................... 39
Repeat, Reinforce and Hyperfocus

3

Preface
I was inspired to write this book after attending a charity
event. It was a Sunday night when a couple of hundred
people showed up for dinner knowing they were going
to be asked to give money. The target was two million
dollars. As I looked around to see who could actually
pay, I thought the target impossible. The room was
filled with hardworking, super generous people who
had already given much of their money, even borrowed
money, and many were volunteering their time. Some
had done all three.
I could tell they all wanted to do more, but they were
just tapped out. About twenty percent of the total was
raised by fifty people. There was another $500,000 raised
by four families, still leaving us one million dollars short.
The last million was donated by one guy and, the
audience was thrilled and amazed. People were crying,
and proud we had achieved this vital goal of funding this
worthy project. As I looked around, watching everyone
celebrate, I realized there was not a person in the room
who didn’t want to be the guy who gave the last million.
I came home that night, inspired, and told my wife, “I’m
going to write a book to teach people how to become
millionaires,” and that night I wrote this book. The
Millionaire Booklet was written without a ghostwriter,
impressive words, or a bunch of economic facts. In fact,
it was written in two hours.
Forgive me in advance for its simplicity. I hope to make
4

millionaires with this small booklet—not award-winning
writers or economists. I am not trying to impress you
with what I have accomplished in my life or how much I
know. The reality is, what I have created financially in my
life is very simple, and that is why it will work for you.
I want to help you reach millionaire status, even get
rich, if you believe that you deserve to be the person in
the room that writes the check for a million dollars, ten
million or even 100 million—let’s roll.
GC

5

Introduction
In The Millionaire Booklet: How to Become Super Rich,
I want to simplify the process of becoming a millionaire
and, if you want, even super rich. This isn’t some pie in
the sky, out of reach big claim. I know it is attainable
because I have used the information here and done it. I
know with 100 percent certainty that anyone can do this
and even more if they do the work. Regardless of your
current economic condition, where you live, or what
you do you can become wealthy. I also believe it’s your
responsibility to do so.
In case you don’t know anything about my story, I’ll
reveal that when I was young I made a commitment to
creating wealth for myself. Since then I have worked very
hard and created generational wealth that is probably
indestructible. I say “probably” because I am not
naïve enough to underestimate the levels of economic
manipulation and insanity present on this planet.
While I made my commitment to get rich at sixteen, I
was still broke at twenty-five. Then I started studying
the wealthy, using the principles of wealth creation and
codifying what worked and didn’t. It has been a long
haul for me. I remember saving my first $10,000— then
one day realizing it was $100,000. By the time I was in
my early thirties, I had my first million set aside. Since
then, I have built five companies that produce over $100
million a year in sales, created a net worth well over
$100 million and own an income-producing real estate
portfolio worth over $400 million.
6

You may be saying, “Good for you, Mr. Cardone, but
can you actually show other people how to do what you
do?” While I can’t guarantee you will have the kind of
results I have there are others duplicating the financial
success I have created by employing these principles.
Here are a few of them:
- Dale C. was fifty-four years of age and had fifty-six
dollars to his name when he created over $10 million in
net worth and a dependable monthly income using the
eight simple steps included here.
- Jarrod G. was twenty-eight when he started following
the eight simple steps; in four years was a millionaire
with three dependable flows of income.
- David F. went from making $8,000 a month to $50,000
a month.
- DJay H. was making $38,000 annually in sales and
increased to $135,000 annually.
- Robert F. followed this information and went from
$18,000/year to $360,000/year in 24 months.
- Diane C. was sixty-five when she employed these
millionaire strategies and made more money in the
following year than she had made in her entire lifetime.

7

Chapter 1

Getting Rich Is Not a Fantasy
How to become a millionaire or multi-millionaire or
even hecta-millionaire (100 million units) isn’t taught in
schools or colleges. In fact, most of society frowns on
anyone who talks about getting rich; some even protest
against those who have created financial independence.
It’s a funny thing that schools teach you how to read
and write, how to do math, how to know history and
geography, and how to pass a test—but they never
broach the subject of how to get rich. Getting super
rich seems to be a topic reserved for fantasies, movies,
and drunken what-if games. Most have come to believe
that becoming a millionaire is for the lucky sperm club,
business owners, gold diggers, lottery winners, athletes,
rappers, and inventors. But it’s not true. Millionaires and
the super rich come from all walks of life. In fact, just
to debunk one of the myths, I’ll tell you that four out of
five millionaires today work for someone else.
The reason most people never get rich is that they
never even consider it a possibility. They are convinced
by those close to them to simply be satisfied with
whatever their financial situation is. The other reason
is that people fundamentally do not understand money.
Very few people know how to get money, even fewer
know how to keep it, and almost no one knows how to
multiply it. Just look around and you will see signs of
this everywhere.
Even in one of the richest countries in the world,
America, 76 percent of people live paycheck to paycheck,
some 50 percent of Americans have no money for
retirement, and 47 percent of Americans don’t have
8

$400 for an emergency. If these statistics were true in
a poor country, it would be one thing, but America is
considered a wealthy country.
“Very few people even know how to get money, even fewer know
how to keep it,and almost no one knows how to multiply it.”
Turn on the television or go online and you will see
endless, ridiculous financial advice. Financial pundits
suggest saving tricks where your path to wealth is finding
the lowest price for a product or putting more air in your
tires to save gas. This piece of advice always cracks me
up: “If you don’t drink coffee out, you’ll save another
$700 a year.” You can save $700 a year for the next fifty
years and you won’t be rich, you’ll just be old.
Another pundit preaches all debt is bad, and that by
avoiding debt you will somehow be financially free.
“Never borrow money under any circumstance,” the
previously bankrupt advisor promotes. He overlooks
the reality that almost all the super rich have used debt
to multiply their wealth.
Flip the channel and you’ll see fancy graphics making a
case that you should turn your money over to the boys
on Wall Street who, smarter than you, will invest in
stocks, bonds, and financial instruments they can’t even
explain. Ask your parents for money advice and they will
recite their path: get a good job, buy a house, contribute
to your 401k, be grateful you have more than most, and
pray everything goes right.
I have never wanted to just have “enough,” in fact,
truth be known, I have always wanted to be rich. While
I do believe in prayer, I don’t expect God to take care
of my finances and I certainly don’t want to leave it
up to everything “going right.” At a very young age, I
noticed how the people who made the decisions and had
the power of choice all seemed to be the people with
9

money. I wanted to be one of them. I didn’t want money
for the sake of money, but to be able to have the power
of choice.
At the age of eight, one of my first experiences with
money was walking to the local grocery store. I had a
quarter in my pocket to spend at the store. I was excited,
giddy, and I felt powerful. I was walking to the store
with my brother fondling my quarter when I dropped
it in the street and it rolled into a manhole. I got onto
my hands and knees, only to discover my arms were too
short to retrieve the quarter. I got up wet, dirty, angry,
and wanting to cry.
I remember going home and telling my father how I had
lost my quarter. My father said to me, “You shouldn’t
play with money.” My grandfather later grabbed me and
said, “Son, the problem isn’t simply that you lost the
quarter; the problem is that it was your only quarter.”
Since that loss I have been fascinated with the idea
of amassing enough money so no single event or loss
would ever cause me to be without.

10

Chapter 2

Where You Get Your Advice
Word of warning: for this to work you need to start
being very selective about where you get your advice. Tell
someone you are reading a book about how to get super
rich and they will most likely tell you it’s impossible. Just
try it right now, call a few friends and I assure you at least
one of them will say, “Really? The only person who is
going to get rich is the guy who wrote the book.”
You see, part of the problem is that most get financial
advice from people who are struggling with or who have
given up on money. Most of the advice we get about
money is from people close to us who either don’t have
money or have given up on it. Some of the people
you get advice from have never even thought financial
freedom possible.
You must look beyond the dumb advice of family,
television pundits, blogs, get-rich articles, cute quotes on
Instagram, and silly little sayings.
Look beyond all the noise and confusion about money
and you will discover a select group of people who
have created enormous wealth. I am talking about the
top percentile of the wealthiest people on planet earth.
Like magnets of wealth and prosperity, they appear to
magically prosper no matter what happens, some doing
better in bad times than good times.
These are the people you should study and model your
financial journey on. Be very selective where you get your
financial advice and never take advice from a quitter or
a pretender. There are many pretenders out there and
even more who have simply quit on financial freedom.
11

I tell you this because where I got my advice early on was
mostly from observing my surroundings. I organically
learned from my immediate environment and adopted
the philosophies of those closest to me. I grew up in
the middle class. My father worked very hard to create a
middle class life for us and this was a big accomplishment
for them. Both my mother and father were both brought
up poor. My dad made it into the middle class, and
shortly afterward he died at the young age of fifty-two.
“Never take advice from a quitter or a pretender.”
My mother had no knowledge of money and was left
with the responsibility to raise five kids on just a little bit
of money from my father’s life insurance. My mom was
scared, even overwhelmed. Every day she was playing
defense trying to figure out how to make ends meet. I
felt powerless. I couldn’t help her, or so I thought.
My mother’s mantras were, “Waste nothing,” “Turn off
the lights,” “Only use what you need,” “Save everything,”
and “Be grateful.” By the time I was sixteen, I was fed
up watching my mother in a never-ending state of fear.
One day I told her, “I am going to get rich someday so I
don’t have to worry about money. When I do, I am going
to help a lot of people.” My mother thought I was being
an ungrateful brat, but I wasn’t. I wasn’t grateful because
I hated how our life was and as a result I have spent
the past forty years trying to change that for myself and
others.
Getting rich is a taboo topic in our society. Go outside
and tell someone, “I am going to become super rich,”
and they will think you are crazy. Get rich and then
openly tell people, “I am rich,” and society will label you
a greedy, gluttonous, elitist pig. Tell them you are poor
and they will show you sympathy, but tell them you are
rich and they will despise you.
12

The truth is, getting rich—even super rich—shouldn’t
be taboo, it should be your battle cry. Last year I helped
raise more than $100 million for charities. I remember a
time when I couldn’t lend you a dollar, I was so broke.
Getting rich is not only possible, it is vital to your
survival and your ability to help those you love. We live
on an economic planet. Every day, every one of us is
confronted with money requirements and limitations:
from shopping at the grocery store, to feeding yourself,
to taking care of your kids and parents, to funding
yourself through old age, to taking care of unexpected
setbacks.
“Getting rich—even super rich—shouldn’t be taboo,
it should be your battle cry.”
The entire subject of money is greatly misunderstood.
What is money? Where did it come from? Who decides
what it’s worth? What is enough? How do I invest it?
When do I have enough to invest? Hell, most people
don’t even know what they pay in taxes. Most people
have more money saved when they are under the age of
ten than when they get out of college. It’s crazy, when
you think about it. How can a kid who knows nothing
about money have more money than an adult with a
degree?
The reality is, most of us have incorrect knowledge about
money from our upbringing. When you are brought up
poor or middle class, you inherit the beliefs of the poor
and the middle class. You’re stuck with their ideas. The
simplicity of money and economics is not nearly as
complicated as the schools, universities, economists, and
financial channels make it out to be. Money, economics,
and amassing financial freedom is actually very simple.
For instance, anyone who tells you that money won’t
make you happy never had enough money to know
13

whether it would or it wouldn’t. This idea is born from
those who try to make sense of why they don’t have
money. People justify it and try to make sense of their
condition in life.
For example, my mother clipped coupons as though her
life depended on it because that was her only play. She
spent all of her time justifying those actions. I remember
when she visited me in Beverly Hills long after I had
made it financially. We went grocery shopping together
and I told her, “Mom, grab six of the artichokes.” She
said in her southern accent, “OMG, son—I can buy
those for one dollar less back home.” I told her, “Mom,
make it a dozen since I can’t go broke one dollar at a
time.”
“Those brought up poor and middle class
inherit the beliefs of the poor and the middle class.”
You see, my mom was still stuck with the beliefs of the
poor and middle class long after it mattered. That is
what people do—they defend what they have done to
survive and then get stuck in this lower, poor condition.
Now, back to whether money will or will not make you
happy. I can assure you money will not make you happy,
nor will it make you unhappy. I have been happy and
unhappy. I have been broke and I have been very rich.
They have nothing to do with one another and whoever
talks about them in the same conversation is someone
justifying why they don’t have money. One additional
note on this, from personal experience: if you are going
to be unhappy, be as rich as possible.
Financial freedom is two parts mental and one part
mechanical. And you have to get your mental part right
first. What I mean is that you probably need to lose
your mind first, including many of the beliefs you were
brought up with. For instance, getting rich is mostly a
14

game of offense, not defense like my mother taught me.
Taking risks today is the way to eliminate risk, but you
have to take risks at the right time. Your daddy’s advice
was to always play defense with money. To get rich, you
have to learn to be on offense most of the time, not
defense.
Wealth knows no age or sex, and it doesn’t care about
your story—it shows no sympathy and has no feelings. It
listens to no god. There is no age too young or too old:
anyone can play the game, but you have to play the game
of wealth on offense.
“If you are going to be unhappy, be as rich as possible.”
To win at the game of money, you have to be on the field
as an offensive player first. Later, once you are way ahead
in the game of money, you can play defense. If you want
to get rich, you can’t stay on defense or be a spectator,
and you need to have a strategy.
All that being said, it has never been easier to get rich
than it is today and never more important. Just last year,
500,000 households in America became millionaires.
Are you ready to get rich?
I am one of those people who figured out how to create
wealth. I have become a millionaire hundreds of times
over. I am telling you this to inspire you—you can do
this. The wealth I have created was not because of my
education; I totally wasted that. It wasn’t because of my
connections; I destroyed them all. And it wasn’t because
I was lucky; I have never been one of those. I also didn’t
take a company public or create some cool invention or
some fancy app.
You hold in your hands information that will show you
how to make and accumulate millions of dollars, even
hundreds of millions of dollars. I would tell you this
15

booklet could make you a billionaire but I haven’t done
that yet, so I will only make claims to what I have done
for myself and for others.
I only ask you to do three things:
1) Keep this booklet in your possession until you
become a millionaire.
2) Share it with a friend. Here’s the link:
MillionaireBooklet.com
3) Once you get yours, help others do the same.
“Getting rich is mostly a game of offense, not defense.”

16

Chapter 3

Step 1:
The Millionaire Decision
As I said earlier, the biggest mistake is to think becoming
a millionaire is impossible. People simply don’t think it
can happen. So the first thing you have to do is decide
to become a millionaire, multimillionaire, or billionaire
if you want. You have to decide and then you must
reinforce that decision, over and over. Put a stake in
the ground right now: “I am going to become very,
very rich.” I will not judge you negatively for making
this decision. When you tell someone who has created
wealth that you want to get rich, they will not frown or
judge you negatively—they will pat you on the back and
say something like, “Great, you can do it and, by the way,
you should!”
“Put a stake in the ground right now: “I am going
to become very, very rich.”
Those who have created wealth understand that creating
financial freedom is a worthy adventure. Is it possible
for anyone? Remember, more than 80 percent of all
millionaires today are self-made, what’s called “first
generational,” meaning they created their millions
without inheriting the money.
Now, before that little automatic voice in your head says
for the millionth time, “I don’t want to be rich,” or, “I
just want enough to be happy,” you should understand
two points: 1) Getting rich isn’t just about you, and 2)
Limiting yourself financially invalidates your abilities.
Most of us are convinced to settle for basic necessities:
clothes, a house, transportation, time off, maybe an
upper-management position, and some money in the
17

bank. This is called the middle-class. The middle-class is
for those who settle for just enough rather than striving
for prosperity. The middle-class life is a compromise and
it’s selfish. When you compromise your finances, you
become unable to help others because you are struggling
to simply take care of yourself.
The other part of this is the constant invalidation of
you! You are capable of way more than you know, so
why set reasonable financial goals? For my entire life, I
have had this constant gnawing in me that knows I can
do more, achieve more, create more, give more, and help
more. And I am most unhappy when I give up on that
gnawing idea and most happy when I am pursuing it.
“Settling for a middle class life is a compromise and it’s selfish.”
But enough of the esoteric and back to the material
world. You can earn $80,000 a year or $400,000 a year
and still struggle, depending on where you live and your
responsibility level. Just because someone makes more
money than a person born in some starving village in a
third-world country doesn’t mean they are much better
off. The argument is, “You have a cellphone, internet
access, running water, and electricity—be grateful.”
That’s code for, “make sense of your situation.”
But not having enough money doesn’t make sense.
A man once told me, “How do you make sense of
insanity? The answer is, you don’t!” And not having
enough money is insane. The idea that someone would
only need enough to be “comfortable” or “adequately
satisfied” or “have more than others” as a way to justify
his or her condition is ridiculous. The middle class is
billions of people convinced by politicians and media to
turn your money over to those smarter than them, settle
down in a nice house (reducing your ability to move for
the next thirty years), and be a civil, law-abiding taxpayer
who is grateful how much better off you have it than
those who have less.
18

“Not having enough money is insane.”
Make a decision right now to become a millionaire and
debunk all the ideas that idolize the mythology of the
middle class. The temporary comfort provided by the
house, nice school, a couple of BMWs, a 401k, and
two weeks off is nothing compared to creating massive
wealth.
The first step to becoming a millionaire is to make a
decision and that requires you lose your middle-class
mind and then get your millionaire mindset. You must
lose your small, defensive, take-no-risk thinking. It has
never been easier to get rich, but it is still impossible if
you don’t change your mind. There is so much money in
the world today and so many ways to create wealth, but
it will not happen if you settle.
Many will disagree with me on this, but I believe
millionaire is today’s new middle class. In fact, many
millionaires still find themselves struggling. If you want
to get really rich, you will need 10X or 20X or even 100X
of a million dollars.
“The first step to becoming super rich is decide and then
you must lose your middle-class mind.”
Use my 10X Planner and start affirming your
multimillionaire status every morning, every night, and
anytime you have a setback. Make the decision right
now: “I am going to be very, very, very rich and I am
going to help a lot of people in the process.”
When you start to doubt the possibility, take out this
little booklet and reread it and trust me to help you get
there.
You don’t need to trust yourself at this point—simply
put your trust in someone who has done it. When I first
started studying wealthy people, I put my trust in them
because I could not yet trust myself.
19

Chapter 4

Step 2:
Millionaire Math
Your second step is to simply do the math. Did you know
that most people will produce or be in contact with a
million dollars in their lifetime? If you earn $50,000 a
year for twenty years, you earn one million dollars.
For any goal to be achievable, you must believe in its
possibility as a realistic and doable goal. The way to do
this is simply by doing Million Dollar Math. How many
different ways can you collect one million dollars? You
should figure all of them out.
The purpose of this is to simplify the objective. In my
bestselling webinar, “How to Become a Millionaire,” I
used the example of sticky notes. How would you collect
a million sticky notes? First, you would ask if there are a
million sticky notes on planet earth. Second, you would
ask who has them, and third, you’d ask, “What do I need
to do to collect them?” Do the math to create possibility,
then create strategy.
Do the millionaire math and reinforce your millionaire
possibility and your commitment to it. Wealth requires
simple, basic math and any wealthy person will tell
you this. After all getting to a million dollars is about
numbers. But keep it simple. The best ideas are always
simple.
“Do the math to create possibility, then create strategy.”
I know couples I have worked with who, after doing
the math, looked at each other and realized how
irresponsible they had been. “We never did the math!,”
20

the husband told his wife. The wife said, “There are so
many ways to get there.” They could finally see what
they had to do. Do the millionaire math. Keep it simple.
The strategy will come after.
Here are a few ways to a million dollars:
Salary $50k x 20 years
Salary $100k x 10 years
Salary $250k x 4 years
Earn $114 per hour, every hour of the year
5,000 people buy a $200 product
2,000 people buy a $500 product
10,000 people buy a $100 product
1,000 people buy a $1000 product
5,000 people pay $17 per month for 12 months
2,000 people pay $42 per month for 12 months
1,000 people pay $83 per month for 12 months
500 people pay $167 per month for 12 months
300 people pay $278 per month for 12 months

Or do the bottom ten on this list and you’d earn 10
million in a year.

21

Chapter 5

Step 3:
Increase Income
Once you’ve done the math and realize how real it is
to get super rich, you need focus on increasing your
income streams. In the beginning, you simply set new
income targets and then do whatever it takes to increase
income, at first in increments, and then later in leaps.
At twenty-five, when I was struggling to make $3,000 a
month, I quit bitching and acting like a baby about my
income and committed to increasing it. The first target
I set for myself was to simply make another $3,000 per
month. I did the math and it was $750 a week or $100
per day or $10 more per hour—it became real to me.
I didn’t change jobs, even though I didn’t like my job.
I used the job I had to learn how to grow my income.
In the first month, I exceeded my target and made over
$7,000 for the first time in my life, tracking for almost
$84,000 a year if I could keep up that pace. I continued
to focus on the simplicity of this and in the first twelve
months I made almost $100,000. Not bad for twenty-six
years old.
I was super excited and realized how important
increments and surges in income are to validating
confidence and possibility. When you quit bitching about
money and start taking responsibility for increasing your
income, it’s amazing what happens and how quickly it
can happen.
Money seems to flow to those who give it the most
attention and who take the most responsibility for it.
22

Money never found me when I was complaining about
it. Ever notice that the people who bitch about money
are those who are the most broke?
“Money seems to flow to those who give it the most
attention and take the most responsibility for it.”
If you are in a sales position, then you know what you
need to do. Sell more! If you are not in sales, then look
for every way possible to add income. Don’t say you
can’t, it’s a lie—anyone can create income. Go look
for things you no longer want and put them up for
sale. Don’t even worry about how much or little you
sell them for, sell them and prove to yourself you can
increase your income. Whatever you can’t sell, give away
to charity and take a tax deduction. Instant tax credit is
actually income in reverse, but I will save this calculation
for a more in-depth book on wealth building. When you
have nothing else to sell, go to your brother or sister’s
house and take away all the things they no longer want
and sell it online to increase your income.
You could also get a second job waiting tables, giving
massages, babysitting, pet sitting, teaching a language,
driving for Uber, or panhandling.
A family once asked me to coach them on their business
and, due to financial troubles they were having, I proposed
they start selling some of their personal property. The
husband said, “These ideas seem so beneath us!” I
reminded him, “What’s beneath you is living paycheck
to paycheck and never having prosperity.”
The broke groan, cry, belly-ache and moan while the rich
take responsibility. If you want money, you must quit
complaining, moping, crying, making excuses, and you
have to drop the entitlement thing.
Whatever it takes, you are going to create prosperity.
23

Complaining, moaning, and groaning will not increase
your income. Make the commitment to create wealth,
be ethical on your journey, and do whatever it takes until
you achieve it. Let’s face it, being broke is unethical.
When you commit you will find a way and it never means
you have to be unethical. Send my company referrals
and I will pay you. For every company you refer to me
for our online product, Cardone University, I will pay
$500 when we close the deal. Get me one a week and
I’ll pay you $26,000 a year. Get me three a week and I
will pay you $78,000 a year. Make $50,000 and I pay you
another $78,000 in referral bonuses, I just cut the time it
takes to get your first million dollars from twenty years
to just under eight years. (Do the math. I saved you over
12 years.) Is that beneath you?
“The broke bitch and moan while the rich take responsibility.”
There are so many ways to increase your income today.
From internet sales at home writing blogs, editing for
authors, releasing a podcast, creating affiliate programs,
joining great network-marketing companies, and on and
on. By the way, everyone should be involved in network
marketing. Just the fact that you get access to an instant
network of like-minded people committed to improving
their conditions is wealth creation!
Now once you increase your income, then keep doing
the math and keep increasing your income in increments
until you can start increasing in surges. The surges will
happen when you increase your skills and start making
investments.
I remember the first time I made $100,000 in a year. I
was blown away. I never imagined that one day I would
make a hundred thousand in a month! These are surges
and they expand your potential and confidence in your
abilities. Then I remember the first time I made 100k in
a month—my confidence soared!
24

I continued growing my skills, doing the math, increasing
my income and then one day, sure enough, I made 100k
in a day and then I did that in an hour!
I had to work up to this in increments until it was real
to me. And no matter how much someone tries to tell
you to simply think and grow rich, getting incremental
income growth is vital to get your surges.
But for sure, no one ever gets rich without increasing
income first. Either you increase the income through
investors or through the sale of products and services—
or both. The creation of wealth, especially early on, is
not about saving or investing—it’s about increasing your
income flows.
For those who believe you must own or operate a
business to get rich—it is not true. In fact, three out
of four millionaires work for someone else. To increase
flows, you must operate like you are a business. The
reality is you are a business you don’t start a business.
And the value of your business, you, is based on your
ability to produce income.
My daughters, are four and seven years of age. Both
can produce income at will by exchanging their unique
values with those who might be willing to exchange
money with them. They don’t need a business plan or a
lemonade stand to increase income. They are a business
in their own right. By the way, both of my children
have more money put away than 50 percent of the US
population.
“You are a business, you don’t start a business.”

25

Chapter 6

Step 4:
Who’s Got My Money?
This is so simple, it’s amazing and it’s genius once you
understand it. Simply ask yourself: “Who’s got my
money?” People get into business and make a business
plan and never ask this simple question.
Make a list of who has your money, the money you
want, and figure out what you can exchange with them.
Whether you have a service, a product, or an idea,
the question to ask yourself is always: “Who’s got my
money?” You don’t need to make money, you need to
connect with those who’ve already collected money,
who have money, and exchange what you have (skills
and knowledge) with what they have (money).
Start investing most of, if not all of, your time with
those people on your list. Get your millionaire mentality
wrapped around this idea and spend every waking hour
and all your energy on serving those who need what you
have.
At the age of twenty-nine, when I started my first
company I spent all of my time getting in front of
people who could buy my product and spent almost no
time with those who couldn’t and/or wouldn’t.
My wife and I recently were at a conference and I
reminded her, “Elena, there are only four to six people
we need to meet here.” When my staff travels with me
to a convention I remind them, “Be nice to everyone
but remember we are here to meet people who have our
money.” This must be your foremost focus. If you don’t
do this, you will miss opportunities and waste time with
people who cannot and will not buy or invest in your
ideas.
26

I sound like a bad, selfish and greedy man, don’t I?
Well, no one calls me a bad man when the bill comes
for dinner and I pick it up. No one thinks I am selfish
when they need a loan and I’m the only one that can
help them because I am liquid. When you want to start
a new business with me and I provide the funding, you
will be glad I am focused on my finances.
This is just the hard, cold simple fact of building
wealth—follow the money, as they say. If you spend all
your time with people who can’t pay you will end up
being someone who can’t pay. “Who’s got my money,”
is one of the most powerful concepts in the creation of
wealth and time.
“If you spend all your time with people who can’t pay
you will end being someone who can’t pay. ”
That being said the more people you can help, the more
money you will have. If you want to make a billion dollars,
simply help a billion people. The people who need the
most help on this planet don’t have much money. So
they will need you to have money to invent the solutions
to help them. Figure out a way to get help to a billion
people, and you will likely end up with way more than
a billion dollars. And you will end up with more than
money, you’ll end up with true wealth, friends, support,
love, legacy and worldwide admiration.
But let’s be clear, you aren’t going to help a billion people
without either having money or finding someone who
does!
So ask yourself, “Who’s got my money?” And keep
asking until you have answers. Once you commit to
this concept fully, the money will follow like magic. If
you are one of those people who doesn’t like to talk to
people because you tell yourself you are an introvert or
you’re shy, get over it. Remind yourself you don’t like
just getting by or being broke either. When your goals
27

are big enough, you will quit telling yourself lies and
making lame excuses.
You’re not going to become rich from your closet,
garage or your living room. It doesn’t happen. Every one
of those garage billionaires got rich when they finally
left the garage to sell their idea, invention or product.
“When your goals are big enough, you will quit telling yourself lies
and making lame excuses.”
On my way from being broke to banking my first $5
million, all I focused on was, “Who’s got my money?” I
was traveling 300 days a year for over six years knocking
on the doors of prospective buyers (investors) of my
business idea. I provided a service and they exchanged
their money with me. I hated every moment of it. It was
not something I wanted to do, liked to do, and I had to
gut up everyday to do it. I did thousands of free meetings
around the US and Canada, traveling at my own expense
to make myself known, and find opportunities to get in
front of qualified buyers in hopes I could raise money to
sell my product and increase income.
Billionaire Mark Cuban was quoted saying, “The most
important thing you must learn about any business is
sales.” Sales made simple is, “Who’s got my money?”
Once you commit to asking this question, you will
want to learn how to master sales and I can help you at
CardoneUniversity.com. For now, make a list of who is
qualified and make yourself known to them.
If you have a money shortage, it is because you are
investing your time with the wrong people and you’re
not applying, “Who’s got my money?” There is no
shortage of money on this planet, so if you have none,
it’s about some deficiency you have regarding money.
Time invested on, “Who’s got my money?” will always,
always, always result in money.
28

If you are getting in front of those who have money
and coming away without it, you have to join me at
CardoneUniversity.com and I will help you resolve those
deficiencies.
But first, ask yourself, “Who’s Got My Money?”

29

Chapter 7

Step 5:
Stay Broke
When you start increasing your income, stay broke. I
said broke—not poor. I have a policy to never, ever have
money sitting around. Once I start increasing income,
I immediately moved the surpluses to sacred accounts
that were out of my reach and marked for future
investments.
As soon as I started increasing my income, I went to my
employer and told him to withdraw 40 percent of my
gross pay before taxes and direct deposit those funds
into personal accounts I had set up. They said they
couldn’t do that. I said, “You do it for the IRS, you can
do it for me.” I set up three savings accounts, which I
labeled something special, and treated these as sacred
future investment accounts. (Never use 401k for these
funds.)
I remember when I first heard Michael Douglas say in
the movie Wall Street, “Money doesn’t sleep.” I thought
to myself, “But it gets bored!”
I knew from watching other people handle money
that when money sits around it gets spent, wasted, and
blown. Because I didn’t fully trust myself to have cash
sitting around, as soon as I created these surplus monies
I directed all of it to accounts reserved to make future
investments and create future passive income flows.
At the time I was twenty-six years old when I started
this, which allowed me to fund my first business, my
second business, and my real estate company. But the
real benefit of this strategy was it forced me to continue
to produce and out-work my earlier results. There were
30

months when I was making more money than I ever
made and I would push the entire surplus into my
sacred accounts. When I did this I couldn’t pay my rent
even though I was making more money than I’d ever
made. I was forced to negotiate with my landlord for
an extension of my rent. It was weird because everyone
knew I was doing well, but I never had money. I was
broke, not poor, and it worked.
This state of staying broke forced me to continue
producing new revenue. I had seen so many people
have financial success, then quit doing what created
their success and then go backward financially. Staying
broke forced me to keep reinforcing the actions that had
already proven successful.
It seems human beings perform best out of necessity.
Studying the super successful, and those who are not, I
noticed huge differences. It is bizarre how the wealthy
work like they are broke and those who need money the
most don’t. Still today I watch the pretenders sleep like
they are rich while I am up like I am broke. We both
deceive ourselves but with very different outcomes.
I spent thirty years deceiving myself like this and one
day I woke up and realized I had more money than I
could ever spend. Even today I go to sleep and wake up
like I am broke and push for the next level, aware that
things beyond my control could possibly, unlikely, put
my finances at risk.
The same will happen to you. An idea plus hard work
multiplied over long periods of time plus discipline will
always equal success. There just comes a point in time
when, well, you will be super rich and almost nothing
can change that condition. But you have to put in the
work. Ideas are great but they mean nothing without
hard work over time plus discipline.
31

Idea + Hard Work x Time + Discipline = Success
At the age of twenty-five I had made real commitment
to getting rich, I took my first idea and worked very hard
every day to make it happen over long periods of time,
exercising extreme discipline. This created success in
the beginning, allowing me to have a little extra money.
Then I duplicated this cycle using money. Saving money
and adding work over long periods of time and using
discipline with the money will create financial success.
I invested the money in savings accounts while working
my main business and spending none of the surplus
money (discipline) on stuff. I then prepared to reinvest
the surplus monies to create new businesses and new, in
fact multiple, income flows.
From twenty-five to the age of fifty-one, there was no
alcohol, parties, showing off, exotic cars, only one watch,
and almost no vacations.
Without knowing what my second business might be
or even what I would invest in, I continued to prepare
myself for the day when I would expand. Stay broke,
not poor, deprive yourself now for the possibility of
financial freedom in the future. Or more poetically, pay
the price today so you can pay any price tomorrow.
A guy recently asked me, “Why are you still working
so hard?” I didn’t want to go into a long philosophical
explanation of how I am preparing for a major economic
meltdown as I knew he was just being social, so I told
him how much I loved my work in hopes to let it go
at that. Then he started saying dumb stuff like, “You
only live once you know.” And then he topped it off
with, “I never see you at the club anymore.” I got bored
with him, so I patted him on the shoulder and said,
“You never see me at the club, and I never see you at
the bank!”
“Pay the price today so you can pay any price tomorrow.”
32

Chapter 8

Step 6:
Save to Invest, Don’t Save to Save
Investing money is how you will get super rich. The
only reason to save money is to one day invest money.
I was brought up believing you should save money for
emergencies, retirement, and that rainy day event. All
those books I read about had wealthy people saving to
make investments not to just simply save. Since the age
of 26, I have been saving so one day I could invest and
expand, not simply to have some disaster or emergency
I could fund.
My first investment was when I was thirty-one years
old. I had been saving for six years and operating like I
was broke. A guy came to me after one of my seminars
and had the idea to create a hands-on, in-house training
company in which a team of people would go into a
company and put new sales procedures in place to
increase sales. I told him, “I will loan the new company
$50,000, it has to be paid back in ninety days, I get a
salary for my information and a percentage of profits,
and I will never lend you another dime if you can’t pay
me back in ninety days—so make it work.” At that time,
I only had a couple hundred grand saved but my main
income, my speaking career, had proved itself very
dependable and was growing at the time.
I liked the idea because it was a symbiotic business,
connected to my first one. Meaning I didn’t have to take
my attention off the first company to grow the second
one and the first business would feed the second one.
My new partner paid me back in ninety days and the new
company paid me as much in the first year as my first
business did. That’s what I call surges or spikes, not just
incremental income growth.
33

My third company was created a couple of years after the
second business. I was thirty-five years old and had been
studying real estate for almost five years. I had looked
at hundreds of apartment buildings over that time and
never had the courage to buy one. I finally pulled the
trigger on my first deal. The deal was a forty-eight unit
apartment building in Vista, California for $1.95 million
and it required $350,000 for a down payment. That
was a third of my total sacred accounts. I knew it was
a good deal and I did it. It took me six years to find
it and when I did I moved with speed on it. It cashflowed in month one and every month after that. Ninety
days later, I bought my second deal, thirty-eight units in
Point Loma, California for $3 million. Three years later,
I sold both properties and made over $5 million, while
earning $100,000 a year in positive cash. That $850,000
investment netted me $5,300,000—a 600 percent return.
Eight years of staying broke, eight years of staying on
offense to strengthen my first and second business, while
safeguarding my sacred savings accounts set me up so
that one day I could make a significant investment. That
was the first time I made a million dollars at one time
and in this case, it was 5 million in one swing. The truth
is it took years of discipline, knowledge and courage to
be in a position to seize the opportunity—not a lucky
break. Most people aren’t equipped to take advantage of
moments because they don’t have the money, they don’t
have the knowledge or the courage.
People don’t create wealth because they never invest
enough in a deal to get a big payoff. Significant wealth
creators make big plays, not little ones.
To do this, you must have surpluses of cash and
confidence. When you know it’s the right thing, go all
in fast. Speed is power. When you do, you are going to
exhaust your sacred accounts you had been building. At
those times, you must have complete confidence in the
investment and in your previous income flows so that,
if the investment takes longer to work or even fails, you
34

still can rely on your earlier flows of income.
Sometimes I will go years without investing in a new
business and simply focus on making my current
businesses stronger. I don’t gamble with money, I invest
it and I want sure things. That means I need to know
what I am doing and the investment should be a nobrainer. I literally go through every possible worst-case
scenario calculation and if I can still make money, I go
all in. When I do, I am willing to go broke and exhaust
all my cash knowing I am not putting my family or those
who depend on me at risk because the earlier income
flows can support us.
“People never create wealth because they never invest
enough in a deal to get a big payoff.”
Last year, rather than buying more real estate, I invested
in a jet, a Gulfstream 200. The real estate market at that
time seemed overpriced to me and I couldn’t make sense
of buying more the way I calculate deals. I went broke
again paying for the jet, forcing me to keep hustling. I
justified the purchase believing it would get me in front
of more customers and help me grow my existing
businesses (income).
Almost anyone will tell you a jet is a terrible investment.
Ask any accountant and they will all tell you it’s a terrible
investment. But none of them can buy a jet, either. Ask
anyone who owns a jet and they will tell you, “Nothing
about buying a jet makes financial sense until you
understand the value of time.”
I paid for the jet the first year I owned it because it
allowed me to get in front of more qualified customers
in shorter periods of time and I continue to repeat the
formula of increasing income, saving to invest and
grow in increments and surges preparing for future
investments.
“Nothing about buying a jet makes financial sense
until you understand the value of time.”
35

Chapter 9

Step 7:
Multiple Flows of Income
Poor people try to replace flows of money while rich
people are trying to supplement (add) flows. Creating
multiple flows of income is the holy grail of creating
financial freedom and true wealth. At twenty-five years
of age, I was complaining about how little money I was
making. Today, I have over fifty streams of income from
five different companies excluding a handful of stocks
and mutual funds which I despise.
Some of those flows are from the first business that I
still own and operate. Some are little drips and some
are like fire hoses. The flows all require different levels
of attention. Some require tremendous energy, and
others are much more passive flows. I appreciate and
value them all and I never complain about any of them.
Complaining about your money situation never seems to
make you more money.
The most common mistake people make when creating
multiple flows of income is walking away from the
current one. The next most common mistake is moving
to secondary flows that are not similar to the first and
then being unable to give both proper attention.
When creating your second flow of income, make sure
to closely connect something parallel or symbiotic to
your current flow and never abandon the first flow. For
instance, if you work at a company and earn a salary,
keep improving on what you do for that company and
look for ways to create a second flow parallel to what
you are currently doing. Do it within the company you
work for during the time you are at work.
36

“Complaining about your money situation never
seems to make you more money.”
Most people start a second flow outside of their work,
get excited about it, start ignoring the first one, and
then end up with one flow again. And then the second
one they moved to is weaker than the first one ever
was. When you add a second flow, make a commitment
to never ignore the first one. If you join a network
marketing company, use it to supplement your first flow
(both ways) until at some time in the future you can step
away from it and never miss it or have someone else
manage it for you. Also, make the flows work both ways.
Make your new network of people familiar with the first
company where you are working and flow business back
and forth, strengthening both flows and both companies.
Robert S. has a salaried job creating video content in my
office. He was making $45,000 a year with my internet
department. He listened to my advice and took on a
second flow selling and earning commissions bringing
that up to $90,000 a year. Then, he added a third flow by
creating ad revenue for the GrantCardoneTV.com and
produces another $45,000 a year for himself. I call this
parallel or symbiotic flows because they work with what
he is doing already. He didn’t seek another job outside of
work, he figured out how to create two more flows from
the same position during the same period of time and
uses his time off for self-improvement so he continues
to be brighter, faster and more confident in his abilities
so he can continue to expand.
Never turn your back on the primary flows until, if ever,
the latter flows are so strong that nothing can possibly
destroy or erode them. Even then, you should think long
and hard before walking away from any income flow—
no matter how small. The same thing holds true when
growing your customer base. Never turn your back on
customers who got you to where you are now. There
comes a time when it does make sense to walk away, but
it should be the exception—not the rule.
37

When I was selling cars I tapped out on how much I
could sell, I looked for other things I could do within
the dealership to increase my income and to help my
customers and the dealer. I learned how to finance the
car as well as sell them. Everyone won! The finance
manager didn’t want to stay late, the dealer didn’t have
to pay someone else a salary, the customer was taken
care of by your boy GC, and I earned extra money—
ultimately making myself more valuable to the company,
the customers and myself.
“Never abandon the first flow.”
Nothing creates financial confidence more than multiple
strong flows of income. I have a billionaire friend who
invested in my real estate portfolio. I remember when
I sent him a check for $9,000. He called me and said,
“GC, that was a nice little check you sent me today—
good job.” Nine thousand dollars and the guy is worth
$3,400,000,000. Crazy, right?
To create multiple streams of income requires
commitment and especially discipline in how you use
your time and money. While this all seems oversimplified,
simple works, and complex almost never works. This is
a rule I have used for years by the way with building my
business and my companies. Simple works.
First, increase your income, then add to your income
by starting a second symbiotic flow, expanding on that
thing you are already doing. Bank all additional money so
that one day you can make investments. Know what you
are investing in until it is not a gamble or a risk but a sure
thing! This investment should create new flows and new
wealth which will allow you to make new investments
that will create additional, more passive, flows of income
while never taking attention off the earlier ones.
And one day buy a jet so you can continue to go where
you want when you want and continue the process and
be the guy who gives the million dollars to charity!
38

Chapter 10

Step 8:
Repeat, Reinforce and Hyperfocus
You can, and should, be a millionaire. You can be a
billionaire, deca-billionaire, or richer if you simply think
bigger from the start and then hyperfocus, and repeat
the steps I have laid out.
Regardless of what others suggest, getting rich doesn’t
just happen and it comes with lots of challenges. You
will have to give up something, probably many things.
The first thing you will have to give up is your middleclass mind. The next thing you will give up is what
everyone else thinks is fun. For twenty-five years of my
life, I paid the price. While others were traveling, taking
holidays, playing golf, and going on adventures, I was
either building financial success or preparing myself to
do so.
The first sign you are on your way is when the people
close to you start to question why you are working so
hard. They’ll say, “We never see you anymore,” “What’s
happened to you?,” “You never have time for us
anymore,” and on and on. When you start your wealth
adventure, many will try to convince you it’s not worth
it. Some will tell you it is impossible. It is worth it. It is
possible. And it is important!
Your wealth adventure will be complicated by a new
awareness that you are short on skills. Early on, I
realized how little I knew about how to connect with
people, network, communicate, build rapport, and how
little confidence I had. I didn’t know how to sell, market,
promote, build value, negotiate, close deals, or follow
up customers. I couldn’t handle disappointment and
rejection and I wasn’t even dealing with money yet.
39

For the first time in my life, I started investing in myself.
I committed to learning and studying. Because I didn’t
like to read I even took courses on How to Study that
were amazing and allowed me to learn anything—and
like doing it!
One of your early steps is learning how to increase your
income (step 3) and then who’s got my money (step
4) and this is where most people fail. I was spending
10 hours a day minimum at work six days a week on
these two simple things and the rest of the time on selfimprovement and building the skills I was deficient in.
As I started having success using my new knowledge, I
immediately experienced a renewed sense of confidence
and belief in myself. For the first time in my life, I
felt really, really good about myself. I started feeling
confident with my abilities and became even more
committed to success. Those around me became more
critical of my new focus. This will happen to you and
you need to be ready for it. You are the only one who
has changed, so expect this because when you change
you may be a threat to them. I remember when I started
working on myself and a girl I was dating said, “Don’t
change, I love you just the way you are.” I thought to
myself, “This isn’t about you, it’s about me and what I
want.” My commitment to my self-improvement had
become a threat to her unwillingness to self-improve.
“When you change you may become a threat to all those who don’t.”
If you truly are committed to becoming a millionaire,
you will at some point need to change your environment,
and by that I mean your friends and family. That doesn’t
mean you need to get rid of people—it just means you
need to add new people. The old friends will just fall off
as they will lose interest in you. You will be annoying to
them. If you want to make it into the club of wealth,
you must add new connections and that means you need
40

to reach up, not sideways and not down. If you don’t
change your surroundings, you will not make it!
Make a list of people in your city that are super
successful, on the move, who are interested in personal
growth, active in charities, who invest time to improve
the quality of their lives, and are not just complaining
all the time. These are the people you should surround
yourself with. I am one of those people. My wife, my
kids, and the people who work at my companies are all
committed to improving ourselves and helping others
be the best they can be and achieve financial freedom.
People committed to success want other people to be
successful. People committed to the status quo want to
be surrounded by the status quo. If you don’t have the
kinds of people around you that you want, go get them.
One way to find the right people is to continue
investing in yourself. Go to conferences, meetings, join
mastermind groups, and network marketing groups.
Don’t spend time and money on things, toys, holidays,
or moments, invest in the surest investment of your life
– YOU. When it comes to your self-improvement and
education, spend whatever you must. If you must borrow
money to make yourself better—do it. Remember you
are not just trying to pay the bills anymore, you are
playing to become a millionaire, even super rich if you
want. Find the technologies that can help you unleash
the real potential in you.
When you implement these eight simple steps, I can
promise you a few things:
1) It will be harder than you think.
2) It will be easier than you think.
3) You will achieve way more than you imagined possible.
In case you are wondering, can anyone get rich? I don’t
41

know if anyone can, but I doubt just anyone will pick up
this book and even fewer will keep it with them every
day. I know you can make it if you simply do what is
laid out here.
Remember to keep the Millionaire Booklet in your
possession until you reach your first million away—and
when you do, make me the first person you contact.
Your friend,
Grant Cardone

42

Yournex
ts
t
epi
st
oj
oi
nme
atCar
doneUni
v
er
s
i
t
y
.
Doi
tnow.

CARDONEUNI
VERSI
TY
•Mast
ert
heAr
tofBusi
nessandCommer
ce
•Fundament
al
sofSal
es
•BecomeaMast
erSal
esPer
son
•Under
st
andi
ngBuyerPer
sonal
i
t
i
es
•ThePer
f
ectSal
esPr
ocess
•Get
t
i
ngPastt
heGat
eKeeper
•I
mpr
ovi
ngCust
omerExper
i
ence
•Br
andi
ngandMar
ket
i
ng
•Soci
alMedi
a
•Theor
yofCl
osi
ngt
heSal
e
•Mast
ert
heAr
toft
heCl
ose
•Col
dCal
l
i
ngMadeSi
mpl
e
•Handl
i
ngI
ncomi
ngCal
l
s
•I
nt
er
netConver
si
on
•Pr
ospect
i
ng& Net
wor
ki
ng
•100Wayst
oSt
ayMot
i
vat
ed
•Per
sonalFi
nance
•Fol
l
ow UpSol
dBusi
ness
•Fol
l
ow UpUnsol
dBusi
ness
Si
gnupt
odayat

CARDONEUNI
VERSI
TY.
COM

Recommended Reads:
The 10X Rule by Grant Cardone
The Art of the Deal by Donald Trump
The Closers Survival Guide by Grant Cardone
The Intelligent Investor by Benjamin Graham
The Problems of Work by L. Ron Hubbard
The Richest Man in Babylon by George S. Classons
The Science of Getting Rich by Wallace D. Wattles
Sell or Be Sold by Grant Cardone
The Warren Buffet Way by Robert B. Hagstrom
Think and Grow Rich by Napoleon Hill

44
```
